# ExtJsProject

Ext JS 7.2 Implement Dataview and From with view Model Bind.</br>
This is demo Project for ExtJs 6.0 </br>
Make sure sencha install in your local system or download from https://www.sencha.com/products/extjs/cmd-download/ </br>
Download this and run cmd with senach app batch  - http://localhost:1841/ - ext files already exits.

# Folder Structure
This folder is primarily a container for the top-level pieces of the application.
While you can remove some files and folders that this application does not use,
be sure to read below before deciding what can be deleted and what needs to be
kept in source control.

The following files are all needed to build and load the application.

 - `"app.json"` - The application descriptor which controls how the application is
   built and loaded.
 - `"app.js"` - The file that launches the application. This is primarily used to
   launch an instance of the `MyApp.Application` class.
 - `"index.html"` - The default web page for this application. This can be customized
   in `"app.json"`.
 - `"build.xml"` - The entry point for Sencha Cmd to access the generated build
   script. This file is a place where you can hook into these processes and tune
   them. See the comments in that file for more information.

These files can be ignored from source control as they are regenerated by the build
process.

 - `"build"` - This folder contain the output of the build. The generated CSS file,
   consolidated resources and concatenated JavaScript file are all stored in this
   folder.
 - `"bootstrap.*"` - These files are generated by the build and watch commands to
   enable the application to load in "development mode".

## Basic Application Structure

Applications that target a single toolkit will have the following structure.

    app/                # Contains JavaScript and Theme code
        model/          # Data model classes
        view/           # Views as well as ViewModels and ViewControllers
        store/          # Data stores
        controller/     # Global / application-level controllers

    overrides/          # JavaScript code that is automatically required

    resources/          # Assets such as images, fonts, etc.

### app/

This folder contains JavaScript (.js files) and styling (.scss files) common
for all builds of the application.

#### app/controller/

This folder contains the application's global controllers. ViewControllers are located
alongside their respective view class in `"./view"`. These controllers are used for routing
and other activities that span all views.

#### app/model/

This folder contains the application's (data) Model classes.

#### app/view/